README.md, before:

# Shooter Game

A shooting game where you control a gun to eliminate enemy targets by shooting bullets. Hit the numbered boxes to reduce their health and clear the level.

## Demo

**Play Now:** [https://shooting-game-lyart.vercel.app/](https://shooting-game-lyart.vercel.app/)

## Tech Stack

- **Client:** React, Javascript, Tailwind CSS
- **Deployment:** Vercel

## Features

- **Movement:** Move the gun using **Arrow keys** or **WASD**.
- **Shooting:** Press **Enter** or **Space** to fire bullets.
- **Mechanics:** Bullets reduce the target's health. When health reaches zero, the target disappears. Kill all targets to win!

## Build Locally

To run this project locally, you need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) installed.

1. **Clone the repository** (if you haven't already).
2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```
3. **Run the development server:**
   ```bash
   pnpm start
   ```
4. **Build for production:**
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

## Screenshots

**Landing Page**

![Landing Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94427228/211980834-c7f2ca8c-125d-4798-ad89-cb40fc1f7513.png)

**Gameplay**

![Gameplay](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94427228/211980901-92077e4b-99b9-4d62-8f55-3905127f72ca.png)

## Owner

- [@Shubham V. Umap](https://github.com/Shubhamvumap123)

## Notes

- If you experience visual jittering on some browsers, try refreshing the page.

Commit message:

feat: Add Playwright end-to-end tests for game functionality and update project dependencies.

README.md, after:

# Shooter Game

A shooting game where you control a gun to eliminate enemy targets by shooting bullets. Hit the numbered boxes to reduce their health and clear the level.

## Demo

**Play Now:** [https://shooting-game-lyart.vercel.app/](https://shooting-game-lyart.vercel.app/)

## Tech Stack

- **Client:** React, Javascript, Tailwind CSS
- **Deployment:** Vercel

## Features

- **Movement:** Move the gun using **Arrow keys** or **WASD**.
- **Shooting:** Press **Enter** or **Space** to fire bullets.
- **Mechanics:** Bullets reduce the target's health. When health reaches zero, the target disappears. Kill all targets to win!

## Build Locally

To run this project locally, you need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) installed.

1. **Clone the repository** (if you haven't already).
2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```
3. **Run the development server:**
   ```bash
   pnpm start
   ```
4. **Build for production:**
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

## Testing

This project uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) for end-to-end integration testing.

To run the tests:

```bash
pnpm test:e2e
```

## Screenshots

**Landing Page**

![Landing Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94427228/211980834-c7f2ca8c-125d-4798-ad89-cb40fc1f7513.png)

**Gameplay**

![Gameplay](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94427228/211980901-92077e4b-99b9-4d62-8f55-3905127f72ca.png)

## Owner

- [@Shubham V. Umap](https://github.com/Shubhamvumap123)

## Notes

- If you experience visual jittering on some browsers, try refreshing the page.
